Chromas are the second highest rarity of blooks, and require a huge amount of dedication and grinding in
order to obtain. There are currently 21 different kinds of Chroma Blooks. As rare as they are, they require a
huge amount of luck to obtain, ranging from 0.05% to a 0.02% drop rate. Some Chromas are only awarded
from certain events, and some are unobtainable.


Limited Time/Unobtainable:

Spooky Pumpkin - Awarded (Contest of Candy)
Spooky Mummy - Awarded (Contest of Candy)
Haunted Pumpkin - 0.05% (Spooky Box)
Frost Wreath - 0.03% (Blizzard Box)
Tropical Globe - 0.02% (Blizzard Box)
Lovely Frog - 100% (Lovely Frog Box)
Lucky Frog - 100% (Lucky Frog Box)
Lime Astronaut - Awarded (PAC Event)
Cyan Astronaut - Awarded (PAC Event)
Agent Owl - Awarded (PoP Event)
Master Elf - Awarded (PoP Event)
White Peacock - Awarded (LUNCH Event)
Tiger Zebra - Awarded (LUNCH Event)

Purple Astronaut - Unreleased
Blue Astronaut - Unreleased


Currently Obtainable:
The Rainbow Panda is available from the Safari Box with a 0.02% chance, and is the 10th chroma to be
obtained from a box.

All chroma astronauts have an obtain rate of 0.05% (1/2000) and can be found within the Space Box.
They operate on a schedule, only one type is available per day

Red Astronaut

Orange Astronaut

Yellow Astronaut

Green Astronaut

Black Astronaut

Pink Astronaut

Brown Astronaut

7 Astronauts are obtainable via the Space Box in the Market for 20 tokens (Originally 25 tokens), and they
individually have a 0.05% drop rate. Only one of them is in the box at a time, and the colors cycle through
the box every day. The pattern of the colored astronauts is listed below.

                                                           Trivia:
                                                          
                                            Chroma derives from the Greek word “khrōma” meaning color, which could possibly explain the large
                                            portion of blooks being recoloring of existing blooks.
                                            Although most Chromas are simple recolors of existing Blooks, with slight differences, there are
                                            some Blooks which have some different elements added e.g. Tropical Globe.
                                            The Lovely Frog is the first blook to have a guaranteed chance of dropping, and has the obvious
                                            highest drop rate of 100% making it the easiest obtainable chroma (along with the Lucky Frog).
 Chroma Astronaut Cycle:                  
                                            
Sunday - Green Astronaut

Monday - Pink Astronaut

Tuesday - Yellow Astronaut

Wednesday - Black Astronaut

Thursday - Orange Astronaut                                                    
                                                                                  
Friday - Red Astronaut

Saturday - Brown Astronaut

Purple Astronaut and Blue Astronaut are currently unobtainable and have yet to be featured in the game.


